### Software

**Any text that manages and utilizes hardware to achieve specific functionality**. Software is always build up from data and code. The state and the transitions (Turing Machine). There are infinite set of transitions which can provide the desired functionality. However, freestyle and unconstrainted development is only feasible when there is one source of intelligence in action. It is the same as novels. Novels are the most unconstrainted type of text, write whatever you want. This fact have created unique styles per writer, yet best novels are the one coordinated and written by a single person who have projected the whole timeline in his mind.

### Collaboration Conflict 

Each of us are constrained by our experiences. We know if some level of abstraction does not exist in the codebase, there will be consequences. Thus, even working alone it is wise to limit our hand and stick to the proven approaches, either from our experience or others. The major problem occurs when we start to collaborate. There are infinite combinations of constraints a developer would use, creating a [[2. Hidden Conflicts in Software Development|hidden conflict]] between parties even though all of them are right!

Each software which is planned to be collaborated upon should be shipped with the [[2. Developer Guide]]. This document, widely used in open source software, is how and why of this piece of code to be a reference to sort out the development and design conflicts. In enterprise this document should exist per project, but rather per-team or even better per chapter in [[3. Software Company Hierarchy]].

### Goal
I want to create an [[2. Developer Guide|developers guide]] to be used as a shared source of truth, and agreed upon by majority. This document + the codebase attached would be used as the reference to reject Pull Requests, resolve conflicts, and prevent unclear expectations.