
### Single Controller, Nested Data Paths.
X: Rejected
- This is so limiting and completely void modularization and encapsulation

### Pipeline
Each node calls one node until the process in done.
X: Rejected
- Does not handle orchestration and cross entity flows properly. only feasible if all operations and commands are handled with a single direct flow.
- It provides the benefit of reusable logic, but limits the composition of two logics at same level which happen most of the time.
- This is a proper method to implement handle section of application. not the domain.

### Control Tree
Each node may have a controller and can invoke any number of nodes and must coordinate them.
OK
- The goal is two minimize branching factor and tiers with controllers to simplify the code if possible. This means control logic should be placed by this priority
	1. Application Service
	2. Domain Service
	3. Aggregate
	4. Entity
- No unit should assume anything about the internal implementations. every input and output should be validated and addressed accordingly if incorrect. (This could be dropped for performance considerations, but improving design to terminate the root of problem is encouraged)

### Choreography

Each node does its own thing and notifies other nodes through indirect events. This approach requires precise event design and should avoid infinite event loops. Thus it is the most complex yet most loose method.
From experience, designing such in-memory flows are exhausting, and prevents fast adaptation to changes.

### Hybrid 
Control Tree at implementation, choreography at integration.